---
title: Privacy and Terms DMCA
seo:
  title: Privacy and Terms
  description: This is the privacy and terms page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Privacy and Terms
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the privacy and terms page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Privacy and Terms
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the privacy and terms page
layout: page
---
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about
how we collect and use your information, to keep your information
secure, and to provide you meaningful choices. This Privacy Policy is
meant to help you understand what information ICF and its affiliates
("ICF," "us," "our" or "we") collect, why we collect it, and what we do
with it. This policy applies to ICF websites, apps, advertising
services, products, services and technologies (we'll collectively refer
to these as "Services").

# Information Collection and Use               

We may collect and combine information when you interact with ICF including:

    

## Cookies

Your
 browser offers so-called "cookies" which – if you allow their use – 
store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our 
websites. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like 
best. And when you re-visit our websites, cookies can enable us to 
customize our content according to your preferences. However, cookies 
tell us nothing about you personally unless you specifically give us 
additional information.

Cookies used on our websites by category:

     

You also have choices with respect to 
cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to 
accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject 
all cookies. However, note that if you reject some or all cookies, your 
experience at our websites and on other sites throughout the World Wide 
Web may not be complete. Some sites require cookies to function, such as
 those with e-commerce features. In addition, if you do not allow 
cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of personalized content 
delivery offered by us or other Internet sites.

## Analytics

We
 have implemented Google Analytics features known as Google Analytics 
Demographics and Interest Reporting. You can opt-out of Google Analytics
 for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using 
the Ads Settings provided by Google. In addition, you can use the Google
 Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google 
Analytics. We will use the data provided by Google Analytics 
Demographics and Interest Reporting to further develop and improve our 
products

## Information from Others

We collect information about you when we receive it from third parties, and affiliates such as:

   

## How We Use This Information

We
 are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining
 and using the information we have about you (including information we 
receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact 
with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and 
interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the
 following purposes:

             
